C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.exe.config
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.exe
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.pdb
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\Ensage.Common.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\Ensage.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Data.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\clipper_library.dll
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\Ensage.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\obj\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.exe
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\obj\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.pdb
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.exe.config
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.exe
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.pdb
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\Ensage.Common.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\Ensage.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\LeagueSharp.Data.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\clipper_library.dll
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\Ensage.Common.pdb
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.pdb
c:\users\feiyang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\bin\x64\Debug\LeagueSharp.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Feiyang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MeepoSharpPlus\MeepoSharpPlus\obj\x64\Debug\MeepoSharpPlus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
